food hello everyone welcome you
on the hunter world channel and today again
we will dive on a career
last time we checked this place
You can watch this video by clicking
here this time I will check
the other side of the career will go along
coast look for the river can be
molt check dive on my here
now divers gathered
I want to go
camera
Well, guys, I went to the car to go swimming
on the street the wind will be hard to hear
what can I say of course kayfovo in
Some places I first climbed with
one side of the career was some water
unclear such a backwater was and water
where a meter and a half can be
transparency 2 is unclear but there was
a fish
I saw a pike good somewhere I don't know
see whether or not you saw pikes on video
good can and kilogramchik to
one and a half you could shoot then saw
molt 1 I shot him but he stood to
Unfortunately, my face apparently flew by
then I first saw that
this is a map but then most likely it
carp
he stood komi perfect but for some reason I don’t
I don’t know honestly I think that
I'm sure you will get him unfortunately
when you think so
then everything is different so mount u
I was on my chest now
camera on one camera on the forehead why on
chest because I broke fixing it
I fell and now I will show you my
advice if you use such devices
see such a turn
well, I learned it just started
tighten and drop the stretch
and just 3 although in theory you need it from me
already 3 breaks it I ordered on ebay
China
it seems to me to go to what
metal because you can get there
either some reinforcement hope on
that the video was all clear but
we will not be upset all ahead
stay with us hope you
liked put your thumbs up write
in the comments everything is as usual
subscribe who didn't subscribe and what
to new meetings bye